[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on
"Cosmic Disclosure," WE
have Sergeant Clifford Stone.
We're going to be
going over ET species.
Sergeant, welcome to the show.
>>CLIFFORD STONE:
Thank you, sir.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: You've been quoted
over the years saying there's
over 57 types of ET species.
Can you elaborate on that?
>>STONE: Certainly.
A lot of people will criticize
me and say, you know,
if you could say 10 or 12,
we could believe you more.
Well, what do they want?
A fantasy or the truth?
The truth is when I
was in the military,
there was some
medical personnel who
would have to provide
first aid for our visitors
if we got there and
there were some that
were still alive and injured.
In order to accomplish
that tasking,
because a lot of
the first aid we do
wouldn't be the same for
them, they had a book.
That book was to tell how
to do certain first aid
for certain injuries
on our visitors.
And they had to know what to
do for each and every species.
That book listed 57
different species.
They were affectionately known--
they can laugh if they want to.
We affectionately
called them Heinz 57.
And at that time, that
was one of the things
that they had to say
about Heinz products.
So we went ahead, we had that.
And I wasn't supposed to see it.
There was no need for
me to know about it.
But one person who was
an officer, and I'm
going to say right off
the bat, I don't for sure,
but he was a doctor.
We had two medics.
And they kind of took
me under their wing
because they knew I was having
problems with what I was doing.
And they went ahead and
said, OK, look, we're
not really trying to do
anything bad to them.
We just leave them here to die.
Well, we try not to do that.
And there are various
species which we are
well aware of that you know.
You may not know how many.
But to date, this is
what we have cataloged.
And they said, you
can look at it here.
But we can't let
you have a copy.
We can't let you
take it with you.
You can read it but only here.
If we have other higher
ranking personnel show up,
sometimes these people
aren't real nice
and we have to take
the book back from you
and act like you've
never seen it.
And they did this
quite a few times.
Because I'd try to go
through a picture and I
tried to get in my
mind how all 57 looked.
Out of that 57, I had
access to maybe six,
seven different species.
The one species that they
had a question mark about
was the one species
that was following me
throughout my life, whom I still
have contact to this very day.
>>EMERY: What's the
name of this person?
>>STONE: Well, the
entity that chose
me to follow throughout my
life, I know him as Korona.
And he always told
me, Korona with a K.
>>EMERY: Where's he from?
>>STONE: He's from
a planet that's
approximately 100 light
years from planet Earth.
That's why when you hear me talk
about traversable wormholes,
whether you're using
negative matter or antimatter
because they do make
a difference in going
through a traversable wormhole.
If they're using
antimatter, in real time,
it's an hour and 40 minutes
to get from there to here.
That's why when I'm using
it to try to show distance,
I use his world to do that
because that's something
that I have a greater
understanding of with his help.
The one thing I ran
into problem with,
he would not go into too much
detail about negative matter.
When I found out how much
greater negative matter was,
I was shocked.
But he's one.
There are other species.
We have three types of grays.
Two of them are roughly
about 3, 3 and 1/2 feet tall.
Their facial features
are a little different.
The position of their ears
and the shape of their ears
are a little different.
But if you're looking at
them, based on their size,
you'd think that they
were the same species.
They're not.
They are two different
identical species.
The third one is
roughly four foot tall
and looks very similar.
Only they are a lighter
gray than the other two.
>>EMERY: Now is that
one species or is it
three different species?
>>STONE: That's three
different species.
>>EMERY: But they look similar?
>>STONE: They look similar.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>STONE: There is another
one that looks kind of human.
But here again,
maybe five foot tall,
the ears are a little different.
The nose, there's a
little difference.
But they have like
oriental features.
>>EMERY: It's really
just small little things.
>>STONE: Little details.
>>EMERY: Like the details.
And the same thing we
utilize in the field
with extraterrestrials,
they're just off sometimes,
just a little bit different.
>>STONE: And another
race was the ones
that are about maybe
3 and 1/2, 4 foot
tall who are covered with hair.
You call them the
hairy guy in Star Wars.
What was his name?
>>EMERY: Oh, Chewbacca.
>>STONE: You could call
them little Chewbaccas.
But don't make the
mistake of thinking
that because they're
small in stature
that they don't have strength.
>>EMERY: Size has no matter.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
They can lift up a
6,000 pound vehicle.
There was an abduction
that took place somewheres
in South America, which they
were involved in because they
were very concerned
about the radiation
still in the atmosphere right
now from nuclear tests that
happened 50, 60, 70 years ago.
So there was an abduction
that took place there.
And of course, that
took place there
because the guy
thought they're small.
He'd just go pick one up,
bring it back to the car.
And when he went to pick
one up, the one that he's
trying to pick up,
picked him up and threw
him very close to his
car, maybe 10 or 15 feet.
He didn't go back for a
second try at picking him up.
That's another species.
Another one is just like,
and I mean, you see them,
it kind of blows your mind.
You're thinking,
well, this is a ghost.
And these are the ones
that are pure energy.
And they can take
on humanoid form.
A lot of times, they'll
go ahead and they'll
be just like a plasmic
cloud of some sort.
And the ones I've seen were
bright light, a bright white,
had a luminosity from within.
But from that, they could
go on take on human form.
They will go ahead and
communicate with you
through what we refer to
it as thought transfer.
A lot of people,
well, it's telepathy.
Well, no matter
what you call it,
it's a transfer of thought
from their mind to your mind.
And you would hear it like you
and I are talking right now.
And like if you try to
respond, they already
know what you're going to
say because they've already
picked up on it.
The first thing you do,
you go ahead and translate
what they're saying.
Then you formulate what you're
going to say back to them.
Then you go ahead
and verbalize it.
That's the process
you go through.
I would go ahead.
They already know
what I'm going to say.
But I would still feel
the need to verbalize it.
And they would always
be-- and even the people
who were out there in the
field with you who knew,
you don't have to talk.
They already know.
>>EMERY: They know everything.
>>STONE: And the whole situation
is I felt that I had to talk.
But people don't
understand that.
There was another one that
looked very human like.
And the interesting
thing about them
is that they don't
consider them uniform.
But I consider them uniforms.
They have a red type uniform on.
The material, which
is kind of unique,
the grays have one
piece clothing.
How they get that one piece
clothing on, I have no idea.
>>EMERY: It forms around them.
>>STONE: Well,
that would probably
be the best way to put it.
The same thing
with these people.
And they can be anywheres
from roughly five foot
tall to a little
over six foot tall.
But they look just like us.
How do I put this?
They're bold.
Even the females are bold.
They have no hair whatsoever.
They can go ahead talk to
you through thought transfer.
Or they can talk to you in
your own language like the way
we are talking right now.
>>EMERY: Any language?
>>STONE: Any language.
>>EMERY: On Earth?
>>STONE: On Earth, you
go ahead and name it.
The other thing is they can go
ahead and mimic other people.
Like if they want
to get on the phone
and call someone sound like
me, they could do that.
So the species that I
have come in contact with,
they have many
different talents.
Some of the others,
I may have seen one
at a distance from
the time I was a kid.
But they can be like
robots but like no robot
on the face of this planet.
They have a
personality about them.
And a lot of times,
people will say, well,
when there's an
abduction going on,
it's like there's no care there.
There's no compassion.
There's care there.
There's compassion.
They're doing
everything they can
to make sure that they don't
hurt the individual that they
are studying.
But at the same time, they're
very much down to business
trying to go ahead
and complete what
they need to do in the shortest
amount of time as possible.
>>EMERY: Are they benevolent?
>>STONE: I have never
known them to be
where they were
violent or hostile
or went out of their
way to hurt anyone.
To be sure, they would
be more astute at letting
their own selves get
hurt than hurting us.
Now going back to the
robot type, a lot of people
go ahead and just because
they have robots, well,
we see them as a mechanical
man or a mechanical person.
But that's not the way you
can put this into perspective.
I mean, artificial
intelligence, is it involved?
Yes.
But it's hard for me to
say they are sentient.
But at the same time, they're
concerned about that time
when they meet their demise.
>>EMERY: In addition to all
these different species,
people talk about
reptoids and insectoids.
Have you ever had
experience with that?
>>STONE: Actually, if you
take a close look at Korona,
and he will tell you in a
joking way, I am not a lizard.
I am not a lizard.
He looks like a reptile.
>>EMERY: It does have
that kind of look,
like a multifaceted being.
>>STONE: And he has, you
have to look very closely,
like scales but very thin
texture looking like scales.
Insect like, yes, they
have something like that.
One that looks very much like--
and I hate to bring this
out because some people,
and which is really
why I avoid even
talking about this
different species.
Yeah, they have one
species that looks
very much like a praying
mantis, even with the arms.
But you know what?
Be very careful
because they don't
have the tentacles
like on the arms
that the praying mantis has.
>>EMERY: Do they have digits?
>>STONE: They had digits.
They were ambidextrous
like this.
So the whole situation
is, yeah, they have that.
A lot of them don't have.
There are plenty
of them that just
have three fingers
and an opposing thumb,
for lack of a better term.
>>EMERY: What about the
intelligence level, Sarge,
of these species?
Are they greater than us?
Lower than us?
What's kind of the levels
out there in the universe?
>>STONE: They can all
communicate with one another.
But the levels of technological
capabilities, they differ.
And it's not because they
don't want to exchange
the knowledge they have.
It's just that they want to
go through a learning process.
>>EMERY: Oh, OK.
>>STONE: It's about like we
as adults or as grown ups,
we can drive a car.
We're not going to let our
little six-year-old kids get
behind the wheel.
So what happens is
it's that the progress
that each species is at
which they can have access
to specific technology.
>>EMERY: That makes total sense.
Let's talk more about Korona
because this is really
fascinating story.
Sarge, what did you
learn about them,
their species, their culture?
Did they teach you anything?
>>STONE: It's
interesting that you ask.
And the reason I
say that, when they
chose me and they were going
to follow me throughout my life
and I got to see Korona as he
really looked and was no longer
seeing him as a child, I can
remember crying and begging
my mom and dad to
take me to the doctor
because the doctor could
make the monsters go away.
At the tender age of seven,
I had to make a decision.
Do I go ahead and fight
what's happening to me?
At which time, I'm
going to lose my mind.
I'm not going to be normal.
Or do I go ahead and accept
the fate that's been dealt me
and learn from it?
I chose the latter.
What did I learn?
I learned that our species
that are visiting us,
they're not cartoon characters
like we most of the time think.
We see them as will-o-the-wisps
that comes out of the night
to scare us, the creature
hiding under our beds,
the creature in the closet.
No.
They are so much like us.
They have families.
They have friends.
They have likes.
They have dislikes.
They really like to share
about their families.
I don't feel that I
was ever abducted.
But I can tell you
right now that I
have seen the stars in
such great magnitude,
great brilliance that there is
no place on the planet Earth
that you could ever
see the stars the way
I saw at that time.
>>EMERY: Do you think you were
maybe by locating, abducted,
or having a lucid dream?
>>STONE: No.
I don't feel they did at all.
And I mean because
when some of this stuff
was taking place,
definitely, I was not asleep.
Definitely, it was
not an illusion.
They even would make
efforts for me to go ahead.
I mean, I had a
little jewel that I
could put in the
palm of my hand,
and I could look at
that jewel, and I
could see three dimensionally
the places where they lived.
You would have some
places that to you
and I would just
look like a desert.
>>EMERY: This jewel would
make a three dimensional map?
>>STONE: Would make a
three dimensional map.
>>EMERY: Oh my goodness.
>>STONE: And I could
have it to where
it would project where it
was a large portion of it
right out in front of me.
I had one person that
held it in their hands,
and that was a no no.
They took it back
from me because it
sounds so corny when you say
it, because of the vibrations.
But it had to be attuned to
your living force vibration.
>>EMERY: Right.
Your frequency.
Yeah.
>>STONE: It's not
attuned to that,
and then somebody else holds
that, and just looking at it,
it starts getting hot.
And it will get
to the point where
it could really cause a very
severe burn onto the person.
But because I let
somebody else hold it,
a very dear friend of mine, they
said, we need to take it back.
Although, you wouldn't try
to hurt anyone with it,
it could hurt someone
and be an accident.
But you may have a problem
trying to explain it.
So they went and took it back.
But it's hard for me to
explain the buildings.
But you would have
where using the pen,
you'd have these tall
buildings that would go up.
Up here, you'd have
maybe a sphere like right
here in the middle.
And they'd look like there's
no windows or no nothing.
If you're inside
the building, it
would look like, OK, you're
in a downtown office building.
They had a means to go
ahead and they could--
how do I put this?
Where we have air
conditioning, we have heaters,
they can control to their
satisfaction what's going
on in their room, their home.
They can do this individually.
But if some of them
were cold, they
could make themselves warmer.
If some of them
are too hot, they
can make themselves cooler.
Outside, the conditions
can be such they can go
ahead and regulate the outside.
>>EMERY: The environment?
>>STONE: The environment
to where it's
comfortable for all of them.
Someday, we're going to
have this technology,
if we don't have it already.
They are subject to
having severe weather
on their own planet,
their own reality.
But the situation
is they can fix it
to where that severe weather
becomes tame real quick
and doesn't cause any damage.
>>EMERY: So a hurricane here
could be just completely moved
to the side?
>>STONE: Absolutely.
But now they will also let
this severe weather go on.
They'll tell you, it's
consistent with our reality.
I have no idea what
they're talking about.
I mean, if you could stop
a tornado or a hurricane,
why not do that?
Why not just eliminate
it completely?
They're not going to do that.
It's important to
their existence.
And I have no idea why that is.
Someday, we may
learn and understand
that the adverse weather that
we have here on this planet,
for whatever reason,
plays an important role
in our existence.
Do I know what that is now?
No.
>>EMERY: Why do you think this?
>>STONE: They actually
told me that that's now.
Well, as far as our planet,
they haven't told me that.
This is something that I
believe may come about simply
because what I've
learned from them.
In other words, they
could eliminate tornadoes.
They could eliminate hurricanes
in their environment.
But they don't.
They just make sure
that the course they set
doesn't do any damage
or harm to anyone.
>>EMERY: Is this a
three dimensional being?
>>STONE: Yeah.
He can pop in and out like
turning on or off a light.
But he is physically--
>>EMERY: That's
multidimensional.
>>STONE: Mm-hmm.
But he's as physically real as
you and I. You can touch him.
He can touch you.
One time, I was very
depressed while I
was going through
the problems I was
having with the military because
I decided to come out and talk.
And he was there trying
to convince me, just
watch how you're doing this.
And I said, well, you know, I
don't even know if you're real.
Are you a figment
of my imagination?
Am I having mental problems
because I'm seeing you?
Well, can mental
problems do this?
And he picked up a plate,
held it up, dropped it.
My wife was leaving the kitchen.
And the plate broke.
She turned around,
what are you doing?
I said, oh, I accidentally
knocked the plate off.
And she turned around
started to leave again.
Then he picked up another
plate, held it up.
Then she turned, and she saw the
plate hanging there in the air.
I grabbed a hold of it real
quick and brought it back down.
And she says, was that
plate just in the air?
How did you do that?
I said, no.
I had my hand on it.
No, you didn't.
And to this day, she
doesn't fully understand.
But she understands
that there is
some type of being that comes
into play every now and then.
And a lot of times,
she was thinking it
was like a ghost or something.
And I tried, no, no, no, no, no.
>>EMERY: Why did he choose
you at such an early age?
And are you possibly
part of his lineage?
>>STONE: They start a process
like when I was four years old,
I was seeing what we called
shadow people in my bedroom.
And this scared me.
Then I had other experiences.
And I'd always associate
these with supernatural events
like ghosts.
Then I got to the point where
I could foretell things.
And I got concerned
about that because I
had a religious upbringing.
And to me, these were
things that were evil.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>STONE: That you're going to
go to hell if you experience
this stuff.
So that had me concerned.
When I got to being the
age of about six and seven,
I started to see
these little children.
And they looked very much like
boys and girls my same age.
But they always
cautioned me, don't
tell other people about us
because they can't see us.
And I'm thinking,
OK, this is strange.
And of course, my
family, my mom and dad
thought these were just
imaginary friends, playmates.
But I knew better.
I knew the difference.
And what happened one day
because I found this little--
I always loved
helping other animals.
If I found an animal
or even an insect,
I'd try to nurse
them back to health.
But this little bird that
just hatched maybe a day
before fell out of its
nest, broke its beak.
Well, I picked up the bird
and I ran home with it.
And of course, it was yelling
and the beak was bleeding.
So I thought, OK, I'll fix this.
I held it under the water
like if you have a cut,
you hold your arm under the
water and wash off the blood.
That's what I was trying
to do with the bird.
I drowned the poor little bird.
And that broke my heart.
It's like I killed a person.
So I was crying.
I felt really bad.
Korona, who'd already
been determined
he was the one to follow me
throughout like, now appeared.
And when he appeared, he wasn't
the little sandy headed boy
that I knew.
He now was the green
creature that I gave you
a copy of the
artist's conception.
And I hate to use the
term freaking out,
but he was freaking out.
That's the best
way I can put it,
wanting to know, what are those?
What's that water in your eyes?
Why do you feel what you feel?
Why do I feel what
you're feeling that way?
It was a bird.
It was a lower form of life.
You didn't mean to kill it.
Why are you going through this?
And in short, he
felt that I should
be able to rationalize
that it was
a bad thing I killed the bird.
But I shouldn't be going through
all the these emotional things.
Now he was
experiencing them too.
And I mean, immediately,
from the time
I saw that, my sorrow for
killing a bird immediately
went to a sense of fear because
this shouldn't be happening.
This entity should not exist.
I immediately ran and I hid.
First place I hid was behind
the couch in the front room.
And he looked over,
what are you doing?
I screamed out real
loud and I ran again.
I ran in the kitchen.
There was a sink and here
was the refrigerator.
And back there was a wall.
Well, I got back
there because I knew
the only way he
could get to me is
by coming in where I could see
him, and I could kick at him.
I could push at him,
whatever is necessary.
He couldn't get behind me.
While I was there, I started
feel like his fingers.
And he had three
fingers and a thumb.
I could feel them scratching
on top of my head, so to say,
you can run, but you can't hide.
And that was
getting to the point
where, OK, what
am I going to do?
So my mom was in the
hospital at the time.
And my aunt was there.
So my aunt made me
sit down because she
thought I was acting up
doing bad things I shouldn't
be doing.
There's no reason for
me to be doing this.
Well, I didn't want
to sit in that chair.
I wanted to get up.
I had to go find
some place where
I felt comfortable and safe.
And that chair wasn't it.
So she stood there and kept
pushing me back in the chair.
Anyhow, eventually, he came
back to me as a little boy
and he says, you know, I'm
going to be following you
throughout your life.
This is the way my
species and other species
learn about the
way you people live
on this planet, your various
cultures, your likes,
your dislikes, your beliefs,
your things, the things
that you don't believe in,
your fantasies, your hopes,
your dreams.
We want to know all
about your species.
And there's no way to do it
other than to do it this way.
We can't come here and say,
take us to your leader,
because you have many
leaders on this planet.
And none are exactly the same.
So we have to do this.
And you have been chosen
through a select process,
a very selective process to have
me follow you throughout life.
>>EMERY: Do you believe--
>>STONE: I will be around
to mourn your death.
Their life expectancy
is roughly 300 years.
>>EMERY: Do you
believe that because
of what happened with the
bird, and they were watching,
and because of your
reaction of being
so compassionate as a
human, he came to pick you
because you have this gift?
>>STONE: Actually,
the compassion
is the one thing they look
for in everyone because each
and every person
they follow, they
want that compassion
to be there.
>>EMERY: Is Korona still
in contact with you today?
>>STONE: Yes.
And like I said, he'll be in
contact with me till the day
I die.
>>EMERY: Till the day you die.
>>STONE: Now even
if I don't see him,
he's monitoring me
on a daily basis.
We have interaction
from time to time.
But he is the one that
chooses when that happens.
I'll even carry it
so far as he knows
what's going on here right now.
And I mean while we may
not be able to see him,
you may get that
sensation that you feel
that there's someone else here.
And that happens with
me from time to time.
But then with me, by having
that relationship with him,
I know it's him.
But the whole situation is,
as far as the number of people
out there, I sincerely
believe and feel that number
could go into the thousands.
>>EMERY: You mean
people that are
aware of like similar things?
>>STONE: That have
been chosen by them
to be followed because the whole
situation is they don't want
just my perspective and
viewpoint on what the United
States is like.
They want to have it
from the viewpoint
and perspective of many people.
>>EMERY: Many people
from around the world.
And it doesn't
matter who you are.
It's just they're choosing
you based off of compassion
and love and things.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
And most people are not going
to be talking about this.
And when the military has
to search or the governments
have to search to find these
people because they have
to have these people
if they're going
to have any relationship
with our visitors.
>>EMERY: Sarge, that
was a fascinating story.
Thanks for coming on the show.
>>STONE: Thank you.
It's my pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]